Restic backup (#249)
pulibrary/pul-it-handbook: services/gce_bucket.md

## Create A Bucket

You can find the complete documentation on [Creating a Bucket](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/creating-buckets). 

Here's a cheatsheet for the usual steps we do:

  1. In the Google Cloud Console, go to [Buckets](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser?_ga=2.76486933.1698741265.1707489780-289047190.1707229976).
  2. Click **+ Create.**
  3. On the **Create a bucket** page, enter your bucket information. To go to the next step, click **Continue.**
     * For **Name your bucket**, enter a name that meets the [bucket name requirements](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/buckets#naming).
     *  For **Choose where to store your data**, select a [Location type](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/locations) and [Location](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/locations#available-locations) where the bucket data will be permanently stored.

>      *  For **Choose a storage class for your data**, either select a [default storage class](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/storage-classes) for the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     *  For **Choose a storage class for your data**, select Standard as the [default storage class](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/storage-classes) for the bucket.
```
